As you are going to be creating more and more web projects in most cases you will going to need some
kind of.
The service that I really like to use.
Is font awesome icon.
Just a disclaimer there is many many icons you can get out there.
Well the reason why I like using Phantasm because they're free they are easy to get up and running and
they have a very straightforward and simple syntax as always we're going to get rid of everything that
we had within the census.
Then the same with an ancient e-mail.
I'm just gonna say that we're looking for them let's say we're going to be looking for adding one having
three.
This is all gone.
You know what also I'm going to clean up a little bit my head because we're all gonna be copying pasting
this so I'm going to say that I'm going to copy and paste it and then I'm gonna change this not to Google
fonts.
We're gonna say icons or we can say font awesome doesn't really matter.
We'll save it.
Now we have a clean document what's next.
We always go to our good old friend Google and we're gonna be looking for font some dot com and we can
type font awesome icons and doesn't matter.
In my case I think I'm right or we're going to have font awesome icon and this is gonna be your startup
screen.
Now within the star screen if you never have worked with Phantasm icons.
We can go to the docs where they explain everything that you need to do and the basic use would be very
similar to what we have done already before meaning there's gonna be some kind of element and the difference
would be you.
We were going to have to include the phantasm to our document.
Is going to be the first step which we're gonna do in a second.
But the moment we have it included in the document we need to create an AI element.
So this is where I'm saying something similar because we would need to create an element and then for
this element we're going to have the classes depending on the name of your icon.
This is where you're gonna be choosing different class color.
Don't skip on this first one.
You need to include IFRS or if there's gonna be different type of icons that would need F A B.
Now there might be and also the pro one that's the one you need to pay more.
This one says regular.
But as far as I remember and this was for the pro one you had to pay.
And this was the FIA.
What else what else.
As we're scrolling down that night tell us pretty much what would be defined.
Wait we don't really care about that styling.
We're going to cover in a second.
The moment we're going to have actually in a document this is gonna be another styling.
Yeah that would be pretty much when the docs here we would have the icons.
So whenever you want to search for icons you just click on icons and go ahead just pick whatever icon
you would like or if I would want.
I don't know Amelia or Android.
I just click on it and you're gonna get the syntax now like I said for Android let's say this is gonna
be a baby and then the name FAA Android.
Now if we're gonna head over back to the old icons let me show you just one with their face just so
you don't think that I'm pulling the wool over your ears.
Let's say archive maybe hopefully this is gonna be a face and yes it is.
So this is gonna be a face that would be another type of syntax How can I start working with Phantasm
no guy.
Let's have a look.
We have the start option so let's clip on the star option and the first thing they provide you is right
away C.D. in the moment we're gonna understand the general syntax.
I'll show you how to download and I'm also gonna explain why am I downloading.
You don't have to download but I'll get to give you my reasons for it.
Let's copy this right away.
So it tells us that it has been copied.
We're going to head over back to the head element and in this case above the style sheet and maybe let's
add the some kind of comment here let's say customs here says Just so we can see not comes time and
this is gonna be our sources within the body what we're gonna do.
Well let's create these two icons let's say in the beginning because I don't think we need anymore to
actually understand the basics of it on the first one like I said this would be the element and we can
still use the iMac.
So this hasn't changed and then we're gonna have the AI and they're all gonna be looking for class in
my case I'm going to say Hefei Yes I have a home that would be a name that the icon that I'm looking
for a moment I'm going to save it.
Notice what's gonna happen in the document in the browser I'm gonna have my whole icon I'm just to give
you a heads up if you want to control the height of the icon you can use their own classes.
I always prefer to do it in my CEO says because I feel like I have more control over it because then
I don't have to jump back in from the document and actually changing in here because I understand you're
changing this in the HCM mail.
So if you're going to add that in let's say 15 places I find it easier if we're going to set up actual
class with the actual value.
But again this is your option so you can say something like 5 x there's gonna be different values you
can go with 1 X let's say this is going to be 1 x then we have 10x that would be the biggest one and
so on and so forth.
Again if that's really something you're interested you can head over the documentation export more.
I don't prefer doing this way again.
I told you my reasons but you can do really whatever you'd like.
Awesome.
We have our basic one and you know what I will gonna leave the size just so we can see actually better
in a browser at the moment.
So I'm gonna say something like 5 x.
So now we're gonna have the big icon if we want to add some custom styling we can just head over back
to the C assess and then remember we had a class name we have this class of f a home we can actually
styled this in CFA.
Now the name is important again if you're going to name this FAA orange obviously I'm gonna get in the
class.
However if I'm going to be targeted this class I'm going to say that the color of my home on corn is
gonna be green.
What do you see in a browser.
Here is the green color icon.
We also have an option of working some with some kind of a parent element.
Second say span here and then let's maybe add the Facebook icon just so you can see that we can work
with FNB.
Now I'm gonna do a little bit of a shortcut that I haven't been doing and I'm gonna show you that actually
in amateur video where we can just have the element and then dot and then we're adding the classes.
So in my class we're gonna see a phase book.
The result is gonna be exactly the same all going to be getting our element with our classes and I will
gonna show you that in the video but in general this is how it's gonna speed up your workflow.
We have the icon of the parent element.
Why don't we add the class and let's say you're probably all the same class and we can use the idea
we can target the actual element.
Again it's really up to you and we're going to call the social icon and within the styles we can do
the same thing we already did with a social icon.
And now let's.
I don't know what the font size.
Like I said we can add the font size bigger so in our case since this is gonna be font awesome icons
we can use the font size because we're all gonna be able to access the size with the this property and
then let's say for our yams.
So now there's just gonna be much more bigger and we can maybe add the color of I don't know Blue.
This is gonna be my icon with a bold color.
So those of these two options how we can access it with AC it says now I'd like to head over back to
my Phantasm documentation and go why I would like to download especially why am I downloading for the
project.
The font awesome icon.
Well here's the thing I really like font awesome icons but what's really sometimes annoying is the fact
that they're updating their versions and they're changing some type of syntax just to give you an example
when they switch to fire some five in the beginning.
You only could styled with the parent element in the font awesome for you were actually able to access
the class like this when it was sitting in high element.
But then once they rolled out the font some 5 in the beginning you can style this only by accessing
the parent on.
Now they're back again where you can style the class.
What happens is that if you include the CDM the CDM technically is just going to be dealing with whatever
icons you have.
So far so good.
So that would be good enough for your project but in my case if somebody is watching that story all
day are including their own CDO unless they're obviously using the source files but what happens is
that they're using their own CDM and then the version has already updated and then they're trying to
let's say styles their icons with just accessing the class of a home and for that particular reason
they cannot do it for that particular version and they're mad because they're like well excuse me you
are doing this material and you are able to access your font awesome icons directly with this class
you're on the font awesome but then I would have to do it here with the parent.
So that's the reason why I always like to include actually download different awesome icons include
them in a set of files and then once they're in a set of files I can say hey listen.
So I'm doing this Oriel if you want to follow along.
Exactly.
I don't know whether the font or some version has changed but you can always access the ones that I
was using again long story short.
It just saves me a time later on as they roll out the new versions of phantasm.
After all this talking and yammering about unnecessary stuff maybe for you I'm gonna head over to download
because that's where we get the icons.
You can click on over here and first all that we're gonna tell you right away what files you would need
to include.
You want to use the SPG.
Use this file.
You want to use this RSS version use all CSA.
However one thing that is very important is to have the whole folder there.
So don't just drag and drop the file because the file is going to be looking for the actual folder.
Now in order to do that let's just actually click it.
Now we're starting to download I'm going to head over back to my actual documents and find out I'm gonna
go to download and this is gonna be my Phantasm and I'm going to open up the zip file I'm just gonna
say that I would like to copy this and let's copy this and within the sources not just copy and paste.
Now this is gonna be my fantasy.
Good.
I have my fantasy.
Now what's next.
Well first of all let me show you what happens if we don't have the link.
So I'm gonna delete this and Phantasm icons are gonna be gone.
But then remember we have the option of looking for this file whether all GSL also says well let's look
for it.
So here again we would need to use the link.
And then what am I doing.
Well I'm looking for phantasm.
That's my folder.
Now I already know that CSL is going to be located there so I'm just gonna head over for to see assess
and then I'm looking for all CSL.
That's gonna be my.
If you named your folder differently here then I understand that you need to look for the folder where
you have your fantasy icon.
And now I have no.
And that's pretty much going to be in short how we can include fonts.
My constant project and start using them and we will gonna use them a lot throughout our project.
So you will really get to know font awesome icons.